---
layout:			  default
title:  		  Welcome to 2017!
type:			    post
navigation: 	false

date:   		  2016-12-31

excerpt: 		  So here we are, what will 2017 bring?
categories:		general
gradient: 		1
image: 			  articles/general/code.png
details:		  false

author: 		  Alan Reid
bio: 			    I'm a freelance designer/developer who enjoys creating beautiful and standard compliant solutions for my clients from all around the world.
---

So here we are, 2017! I wanted just to get down some of the things I want to get done this year, so let's not waste any time.

{% include media-image.html file="articles/welcome-to-2017/rails-ang-pi.png" %}

- **Doughnut CSS!** I have not touched {% include media-link.html url="http://doughnut.r3id.io/" text="Doughnut" target="_blank" %} since releasing version 2 back in June. Leaving the library this long without updates is not acceptable, so I am going to continue building it up throughout 2017 and hopefully get to a stage where more people are using it. Anyway, more updates on this are to follow, as I need to assess what needs doing. I have been tempted to move it over to flex. Maybe I could just add a flex version of the grid, hmmm...
- **Angular JS** So I have messed with {% include media-link.html url="https://angularjs.org/" text="Angular JS" target="_blank" %} a little, but with version 3 in the pipeline, i am thinking that I should put more effort into learning this language. So I am going to set my goal to learn Angular within the next six months.
- **Rails** Since last June I have embraced {% include media-link.html url="http://rubyonrails.org/" text="Rails" target="_blank" %}, and have been an active member of the community. I plan to keep this up and keep learning as much as I can about Rails.
- **Raspberry Pi** I have read so much about {% include media-link.html url="https://www.raspberrypi.org/" text="this little device" target="_blank" %}, I am planning to have one to start with as my development server, and I will look to build on this by adding more. Mainly so I can gain a better insight on how my Rails app would work in a load balanced environment or even a cluster. I will be posting more in this over the coming weeks.

Anyway, I think that's all for now. I will probably add to this over the coming months. Thanks for reading.
