---
layout: post
title: 2020 Goals
categories: 2020 Goals Personal Development Personal Goals Personal Growth
---

As we say goodbye to 2019, and we start 2020 its time to start to plan out some goals. I thought I would post mine on Medium, and then revisit the post at the end of 2020 and see how much I was able to achieve.

### Finish learning iOS development,<br>and publish my first app.
I started learning iOS development on Udemy, more specifically Angela Yu’s The Complete iOS App Development Course. So far it has been really good, and Angela explains things in a great way which is easy to understand.

_**Goal:**_ Complete the course, and release 4 apps.

### Learn Svelte, and React.
I discovered Svelte back in October, it seems like a great JS framework with a lot of potential. I have found a course on Udemy to help with this. I suppose i should really bite the bullet and learn React as well.

_**Goal:**_ Complete both Svelte and React course by June.

### Start my own company.
So I’ve tried before, and never got as far as I would like. But over the last few years I’ve gained more experience and this time I’m going try to find myself a mentor to help guide me.

I am planning to setup a design & development studio, with a focus on building web and iOS apps, along with some complimentary services which will benefit clients.

_**Goal:**_ Start company and have at least 8 projects completed by the end of 2020.

### Be more active on Medium, posting articles
Medium is something I’ve been neglecting. And I really need to post more, along with updating older articles. I have let work take over too much and hold me back, but this year I need to start writing more.

_**Goal:**_ Post at least 1 article a month to Medium.
